---
title: "25 Interludes"
slug: "2010/02/20/25-interludes"
date: 2010-02-20
categories:
  - "Personal"
tags:
  - "iTunes"
  - "music"
---

I’ve been trying to revise my iTunes library lately to get rid of songs I never listen to and to make it more manageable (22,000 tracks is not manageable). To weed out tracks I never listen to, I’ve been searching for keywords like ‘intro’, 'outro’, and 'interlude’. It just so happened that after I got done deleting unwanted interlude tracks I had exactly 25 left so I thought I’d list them out to share some of the randomness that is my iTunes library.

1.  Interlude by **Memphis Bleek** from _534_
2.  Pack the Pipe (Interlude) by **The Pharcyde** from _Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde_
3.  '92 Interlude by **Gang Starr** from _Daily Operation_
4.  4 Better or 4 Worse (Interlude) by **The Pharcyde** from _Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde_
5.  b.i.g. interlude by **The Notorious B.I.G.** from _Life After Death_
6.  Interlude by **My Chemical Romance** from _Three Cheers For Sweet Revenge_
7.  Eric’s Interlude by **Modest Mouse** from _Good News for People Who Love Bad News_
8.  Normal Guy (Interlude) by **The Lonely Island** from _Incredibad_
9.  Superstar (interlude) by **Usher** from _Confessions_
10. Interlude by **(+44)** from _When Your Heart Stops Beating_
11. Confessions (interlude) by **Usher** from _Confessions_
12. Interlude by **Thievery Corporation** from _The Richest Man in Babylon_
13. Interlude by **Jay-Z** from _The Black Album_
14. Young Money N\*\*\*a (Interlude) by **Lil Wayne** from _C Squared_
15. Intuition Interlude by **Jamie Foxx** from _Intuition_
16. Already Know (Interlude) by **Mario Winans** from _Hurt No More_
17. Bamboo (Interlude) by **OutKast** from _Speakerboxxx/The Love Below_
18. The Fallen Interlude by **Blink 182** from _Blink 182_
19. God \[Interlude\] by **Outkast** from _Speakerboxxx/The Love Below_
20. Boyz N Da Hood Interlude by **Boyz N Da Hood** from _Boyz N Da Hood_
21. U Still Got It (Interlude) by **Jamie Foxx** from _Unpredictable_
22. Public Service Announcement (Interlude) by **Jay-Z** from _The Black Album_
23. game-interlude by **VA** from _DJ Sean Mac - Street Crack_
24. Lovestoned/I Think She Knows Interlude by **Justin Timberlake** from _FutureSex / LoveSounds_
25. What Goes Around…/…Comes Around Interlude by **Justin Timberlake** from _FutureSex / LoveSounds_

I thought it was interesting that these 'interludes’ ranged from being 0:16 to 7:29 in length. That 'game-interlude’ is an interview with The Game where’s he talks about his mom being a crip, what his teardrop tattoos mean, and who he wants to beat up (kind of funny). I think my favorite has to either be “'92 Interlude” or “Bamboo (Interlude)” because that little kid is hilarious.
